There's one important Nescio concept I see a lot of students making mistakes.
And so I just wanted to make this lecture to clarify it for you in case you're not aware of it and it's
really the difference between Web sites and web pages and the difference for SEO.
See a lot of students will say or just want to get my size to number one in Google but actually Google
in the search results doesn't list the most relevant web sites.
It actually lists the most relevant web pages.
For example if I search for digital cameras in Google the first search result that comes up is that
digital cameras page on the Best Buy web site.
The reason Google displays this is obviously it helps me get the information that I want faster.
So the point that I'm making is that when we learn about keyword research content optimization and building
authority and links around our content you need to think about it as on an individual page basis.
The three steps you'll have to do for each page you want to rank for you won't want to rank for every
single page on your Web site is your contact us page or about us page.
You wouldn't expect to rank for those but for the pages you're trying to rank for.
You really need to engage all of these trat three steps on an individual page basis.